Add Troubleshooting page to documentation (#3981)
microsoft/CCF: doc/operations/troubleshooting.rst

Troubleshooting CCF
===================

This page contains troubleshooting tips for CCF.

Tips for interacting with CCF to diagnose issues
------------------------------------------------
.. note:: In the examples below this documentation uses ``example-ccf-domain.com`` as an example CCF domain, you will need to replace that with your own CCF domain when using these commands. 

> .. note:: CCF may be deployed with a loadbalancer which may cache the node which last responded to a query from an IP address. Until the cache clears, any subsequent queries from that IP address will be handled by the same node. As an example, if the cache clears after one minute, then in order to get a response from a different node, an operator must wait one minute between queries.  

Reviewer: This is correct, but:

1. it's independent from CCF, and completely dependent on whether and how a load balancer is used
3. "will be handled by the same node" is superficially correct, but can easily be interpreted too strongly: nodes can and will forward queries to another nodes depending on endpoint forwarding policies and session state. So while a limited amount of handling will always happen on that same node, the actual execution may not.

Author: 1. Agreed and hopefully that is clear in the wording.
2. I've clarified the wording to avoid misinterpretation. 
On 1) I think it is useful to have this note as users without a loadbalancer can easily ignore it and those with a loadbalancer may benefit. I can be convinced to drop this note altogether, but otherwise I'll leave it as it is now.

Below are descriptions of CLI commands and how they are useful for diagnosing CCF issues:

**“What node is handling my requests?”**

.. code-block:: bash 

>     curl -k https://example-ccf-domain.com/node/network/nodes/self -i

Reviewer 2: We usually discourage users/members/operators to use `curl -k`, which means that the service identity is not verified, although we use it in practice so that we don't have to find the service certificate.

As you can see [here](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/use_apps/issue_commands.html#issuing-commands), we recommend users to specify the `--cacert` option, which points to the service certificate.

Reviewer: +1 for avoiding -k as much as possible in the documentation, particularly outside a strict operation context with local IP addresses.

Author: Thanks I've removed the `-k` and informed readers, in the note at the top of the page, they will need to add authentication parameters to the curl commands, as in the example [here](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/use_apps/issue_commands.html#issuing-commands)

> This is useful to identify which node is handling queries. The node ID can be found in the Location header. Please read the note above about loadbalancers.

Author: Thanks, I've added example output!

**“What CCF version is running?”**

.. code-block:: bash

    curl -k https://example-ccf-domain.com/node/version

This is useful to confirm the version that is running.

**“What nodes are part of the current network?”**

.. code-block:: bash

    curl -k https://example-ccf-domain.com/node/network/nodes

This will show information for all nodes in the network. In a healthy network all nodes will show ``“status” = “Trusted”``, and one node only will show ``“primary” = true``. This is the healthy state of the network. 
Around upgrades/restarts/migrations nodes will transition through unhealthy states temporarily. If the network remains in an unhealthly state for a long time, this indicates there is an issue. 

> You can obtain this information for a single node by appending its ID to this endpoint. E.g. ``https://<your-domain>/node/network/nodes/<ID>``, where ``<ID>`` can be obtained from the ``/node/network/nodes/self`` endpoint described above. Take note of the ``node_data`` field which contains useful correlation IDs. E.g. ``node 0``, ``pod name``.

Reviewer: When referring to endpoints, using the notation :http:GET:`/node/version` will create a link to the corresponding OpenAPI schema entry.

Author: Oh cool! I've now made use of this throughout

**“Is the network in the middle of a reconfiguration?”**

.. code-block:: bash

    curl -k https://example-ccf-domain.com/node/consensus

This has a few bits of data that might help us diagnose a partitioned/faulty network. In particular, most of the time there should be a single entry in the ``configs`` list. During an upgrade/restart/migration, there may be multiple values. If multiple values persist for a long time, it suggests something went wrong during the reconfiguration.

**“Is the CCF network stable?”**

.. code-block:: bash

>     curl -k https://example-ccf-domain.com/node/commit

Author: Thanks, done

Troubleshooting CCF
===================

This page contains troubleshooting tips for CCF.

Tips for interacting with CCF to diagnose issues
------------------------------------------------
.. note:: In the examples below this documentation uses ``example-ccf-domain.com`` as an example CCF domain, you will need to replace that with your own CCF domain when using these commands. You will also need to add authentication parameters such as ``--cacert`` to the curl commands, see :doc:`Issuing commands </use_apps/issue_commands>` for an example.

> .. note:: CCF may be deployed with a loadbalancer which may cache the node which last responded to a query from an IP address. Until the cache clears, the loadbalancer will direct any subsequent queries from that IP address to the same node. As an example, if the cache clears after one minute, then in order to get a response from a different node, an operator must wait one minute between queries.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: CCF may be deployed with a load balancer which may cache the node which last responded to a query from an IP address. Until the cache clears, the load balancer will direct any subsequent queries from that IP address to the same node. As an example, if the cache clears after one minute, then in order to get a response from a different node, an operator must wait one minute between queries.  
```
